Descriptions should be what people aboard the ship would say about it?

weapons.txt

range adn damage tradeoff

broadside does more damage, must be sideways, deals variable damage to random sample of modules.
Or...
Can only have p to 3 

Turret does less damage, but can target specific modules in enemy ship. Deals non-exact amount of damage. 50% variance.

Energy: Blocked by hull armor, deals very little damage to them, poorly blocked by energy shields
Explosive: Blocked by energy shields, does very little damage to them, poorly blocked by hull armor
Kinetic: Moderate damage to both, moderately blocked by both

Energy: High damage per building, but low overall damage: (1000)
Explosive: Low damage per building, but increased overall damage: (500, 500, 500, 500)
Kinetic: Middle ground: (750, 750)



Lasers: Not blocked by energy shield, decrease hull armor
Kinetics: Blocked by everything, but very high damage
Missiles/Demolitions?: Not blocked by hull armor, destroy energy shields
Broadside: Higher damage, can only fire side
Turret: Fire in forward or sideways


Strategies: 

ms: milliseconds

Weapons Template

"name": the name of the weapon in plain text (string)
"description": the description of the weapon, to be displayed (string)
"mounting": the mounting type, "turret" or "broadside" (string)
"damageType": the damage type, "kinetic," "explosive," or "energy" (string)
"damage": how much damage the weapon deals (integer, 100-10000)
"range": the maximum range at which the weapon will fire (integer, 1-10)
"u":how much time is required that the crew member works at the job. Adjusted by the crew member's speed (integer in ms)
"coolDown": how much time must pass before the weapon is used again (integer in ms)
"delay": how much time after the action is completed for the effect to occur. Low for energy weapons, high for explosives (integer in ms)
"skills": which skills are used for this weapon. Usually the same as the damage type.


Defenses Template

"name": the name of the defense in plain text (string)
"description": the description of the defense, to be displayed (string)
"defenseType": the damage type this defense defends from, either "kinetic," "explosive," or "energy" (string)
"mitigationPower": the flat amount of damage of that type that is mitigated from each attack (integer);
"duration": the duration of the damage mitigation (integer in ms)
"timeInvestment": how much time is required that the crew member works at the job. Adjusted by the crew member's speed (integer in ms)
"coolDown": how much time must pass before the defense is used again (integer in ms)
"delay": how much time after the action is completed for the effect to occur. Defaults to 0 (integer in ms)
"skills": which skills are used for this defense.


Repairs Template

"name": the name of the repair in plain text (string)
"description": the description of the repair, to be displayed (string)
"defenseType": the defense type this increases, either "hull" or "energy" (string)
"hitpointBonus": the number of hitpoints regained over the duration period (integer)
"duration": how long it takes to regain the hitpoints, usually 0. (integer in ms)
"timeInvestment": how much time is required that the crew member works at the job. Adjusted by the crew member's speed (integer in ms)
"coolDown": how much time must pass before the repair is used again (integer in ms)
"delay": how much time after the action is completed for the effect to occur. Defaults to 0 (integer in ms)
"skills": which skills are used for this repair.


Crew
(not stored in a .json file, since they are randomly generated as opposed to pre-generated)


Engines Template
Commands: "m" + "b" is face broadside, "m" + "f" is face forward, "m" + "a" is face aft, "m" + "1" is accelerate to 1, etc.

"name": the name of the maneuvering module (string)
"description": The descripton of the module, to be displayed (string)
"acceleration": how long it takes to reach top speed. Acceleration affected by ship size (integer in ms)




Modules Template
- Buffing 
- Positioin
